Who said "My heart is in the work"?
When was CMU founded?
What was the first school to award a degree in drama?
When did the first school award a degree in drama?
Who invented Java programming language?
Who created the first smile :-) in an email?
when was the first smile :-) in an email created?
Who invented Kevlar Fiber?
Who wrote The Last Lecture?
Who was awarded CMU's first Ph.D.?
Who was the father of Chinese bridge construction?
When was CMU's first Ph.D. awarded?
Who invented Duolingo?
Which school founded the first university robotics department?
When was the first university robotics department founded?
Does CMU have location in Africa?
Does CMU have location in Qatar?
Does CMU have location in China?
Does CMU have location on Mars?
Which alumnus from CMU was an iconic figure in the pop art movement?
Who started the first Girl Scout badge for negotiation?
Who is teaming up with the City of Pittsburgh to improve road safety and eliminate traffic fatalities using AI?
Who was named "the father of computer science"?
How many Turing Award recipient has Carnegie Mellon has been home to?
How many Nobel Laureate has Carnegie Mellon has been home to?
When did Andrew Carnegie emigrate from Scotland and settle in Pittsburgh?
Where did Andrew Carnegie emigrate from?
When was Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute?
When did Andrew Carnegie donate $1 million for the creation of a technical institute for the city of Pittsburgh?
Which city has the most trees per square mile among U.S. city?
Which building in Pittsburgh is one of the world’s largest concentrations of certified "green" buildings?
What was the most painted object in the world in CMU?
When was the tradition of buggies race started?
What's the usual max speed of buggies?
Which major's students sign the walls and ceiling before graduating?
Does CMU provide preschool and kindergarten education?
How long is CMU's Summer Pre-College Program?
Which institute in CMU encourage adults in the Pittsburgh area to learn?
Which CMU's alumnus was given Tony nomination in 1973?
When was Stephen Schwartz given the first Tony nomination?
When was the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center (RMCIC) opened?
Which Alumnus of CMU develped CAPTCHAs?
Who produced the first computer-generated master schedule in the history of U.S. Major League Baseball.
When was the first computer-generated master schedulein the history of U.S. Major League Baseball produced?
Which school built the first green dormitory in the U.S. in 2003?
When was the first green dormitory in the U.S. built?
Who in CMU has a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) silver designation from the U.S. Green Building Council?
What's a revolutionary way to teach computer programming by creating 3D animations, stories and video games develped by Randy Pausch?
Who develped Alice?
Which university was the first with a completely wired campus?
Which professor in CMU developed a computer algorithm that accelerates the matching of living donors?
Who in CMU developd tutoring systems that are helping 500,000 students in 2,600 U.S. schools improve their math skills?
Who in CMU pioneered a process he dubbedAtom Transfer Radical Polymerization(ATRP)?
Who in CMU wrote A History of the Federal Reserve?
Who in CMU co-founded the influential Shadow Open Market Committee?
Which institute in CMU gave the U.S. first Master of Technology degree?
Who in CMU created logos of Starbucks Coffee, Panera Bread, JanSport?
Which university create the "bugs", robots that can walk on water?
Which Carnegie Mellon alumnus sparked the idea to use a # symbol for grouping subjects on Twitter?
Which professor founded YinzCam Inc.?