Who is the current Music Director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Where does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform?
Does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra offer educational programs?
What type of music does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform?
When will Chicago musical played in the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
When was the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra founded?
What are some major achievements of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
Who was the first woman to lead the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, even if temporarily?
What's the event held in Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on Dec 19?
What's the event held in Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on Feb 7?
Who will be playing piano in the event on Mar 19? 
When was Pittsburgh Opera founded?
Where does Pittsburgh Opera primarily perform?
What was the first opera performed by Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the current Music Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
What educational program is associated with Pittsburgh Opera?
Who was the first General Director of Pittsburgh Opera?
Who would show up at the Nov 12 event in Pittsburgh Opera?
What's the event held in Pittsburgh Opera on Dec 19?
When will the event on February 24 start?/Users/miaoyidi/Desktop/11711/RAG/raw_data/annotated data_music&culture/Music and Culture_answer.txt
/Users/miaoyidi/Desktop/11711/RAG/raw_data/annotated data_music&culture/Music and Culture_question.txt
What's the address of the Pittsburgh Opera?
Who is the CEO of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
When was Pittsburgh Cultural Trust founded?
Who is the founder of Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
Where are the events in Pittsburgh Cultural Trust usually held?
What's the event held in Pittsburgh Cultural Trust on Dec 19?
What's the address of Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
What are some of the key venues managed by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust?
What type of events does the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust host?
What's the event held in Pittsburgh Cultural Trust on May 14, 2025?
Where will the event held in Pittsburgh Cultural Trust on Nov 20, 2024?
Who will be hosting the show in Pittsburgh Cultural Trust on Nov 14, 2024?
Who founded the Carnegie Museums?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Art established?
When was the Andy Warhol Museum established?
When was the Carnegie Science Center established?
When was the Carnegie Museum of Natural History established?
Where is the Andy Warhol Museum located?
Where is the Carnegie Science Center located?
Where is the Carnegie Museum of Natural History located?
Where is the Carnegie Museum of Art located?
What kind of collections can be found at the Carnegie Museum of Art?
What's the event held in Carnegie Museum of Art on Nov 10?
What's the event held in Carnegie Science Center on Nov 6?
What's the price of Preschool semesters event held in Carnegie Science Center?
What's the event held in Carnegie Museum of Natural History on Jan 13?
When will the event held in Carnegie Museum of Natural History on Dec 14 start?
What's the event held in The Andy Warhol Museum on Oct 18?
When will the event held in The Andy Warhol Museum on Oct 18 start?
When was the Heinz History Center founded?
Who is the Heinz History Center named after?
What's the address of Heinz History Center?
Who is the director of Heinz History Center?
When was Heinz History Center named the best history museum in America?
What's the event held in Heinz History Center on Nov 6?
When will the event held in Heinz History Center on Nov 3 start?
What museums does Heinz History Center operate?
What's the phone number contacting Fort Pitt Museum?
What's the address of the Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village?
When was the Frick Pittsburgh founded?
Who is the founder of The Frick Pittsburgh?
What's the address of The Frick Pittsburgh?
What museums are included in the Frick?
When did Frick Art Museum opened?
When will the Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour event start on Wednesday?
On which days does the Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour run?
What's the price of admission to gardens, permanent collection of The Frick Art Museum, and a section of the Car and Carriage Museum?
What's the end date of the event "Pittsburgh Builds Bridges" in the Frick Art Museum?
What's the name of the event starts on March 1,2025 in the Frick Art Museum?
When was American Jewish Museum founded?
When did August Wilson African American Cultural Center open?
When did Carnegie Science Center establish?
Which neighborhood American Jewish Museum is in?
What season does the Pittsburgh Food festival held?
When will the Picklesburgh return?
What's the theme of the Picklesburgh?
When will the Pittsburgh Restaurant Week start this winter? 
What's the end date of Pittsburgh Restaurant Week this winter? 
What's the name of a food event related to the Taco?
What's the name of a food event related to the Italian food?
What type of festival is Little Italy Days?
What's theme of ToonSeum?
What's theme of University of Pittsburgh Dental Museum?
What type of University of Pittsburgh Dental Museum is?
What type of Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum is?
What type of Stephen Foster Memorial Museum is?
What type of Bicycle Heaven is?
When was Mattress Factory founded?
What is Banana Split Fest celebrating? 
How often is the Banana Split Fest held?
When will the Banana Split Fest be held in 2025?
What type of art does the Pittsburgh Glass Center focus on?
What's the name of school supporting the Miller ICA? 
What's the name of the museum regraded as one of America's most colorful public art landmarks in Pittsburgh?
Who is the architect of Stephen Foster Memorial?
Which school is the Stephen Collins Foster Memorial housed in?
What's the Architectural style of the Frick Fine Arts Building?
Wood Street Galleries is a project of which organization?
When was the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts established?
How many classrooms are the Nationality Rooms grouped by?
When was the Pittsburgh Theological Seminary established?
Which school is the Elmer H. Grimm Sr. Pharmacy Museum housed in?
Which neighborhood is the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh located in?
When was the Clemente Museum founded?
