Where to see Pittsburgh the Steelers?
Where to see Pittsburgh the Pirates?
Who awarded Pittsburgh "Best Sports City"?
What was the first team in NFL history to win six Super Bowl titles?
What is Acrisure Stadium known for?
What outdoor hockey games did Acrisure Stadium host?
What is the capacity of Acrisure Stadium?
When was Acrisure Stadium opened?
What other event PNC Park host?
What is PNC Park known for?
What is the capacity of PNC Park?
When was PNC Park opened?
Where to see Pittsburgh penguins?
What is the capacity of PPG Paints Arena?
When was PPG Paints Arena opened?
What other event does PPG Paints Arena host?
What is PPG Paints Arena known for?
What is the mascot of Penguins
What is the longest home sellout streak in NHL history?
Who has the longest sellout streak in the NHL?
Where to see Pittsburgh riverhounds?
What is the capacity of Highmark Stadium?
When was the Highmark Stadium opened?
What event does Highmark Stadium hold?
When was the terrible towel created?
Who created the terrible towel?
When was the penguins founded?
Who purchased the Penguins in 1999?
Which team was the first back-to-back champions in the salary cap era
Which division does the Penguins belong to?
Who is the Penguins's general manager?
Who is the head coach of the Penguins?
Which Minor league does the Penguins affiliate?
Who was the Penguins' first general manager?
When was the Pittsburgh Steelers founded?
How many AFC championships have the Steelers won?
Where is the Steelers headquartered?
Who own the Steelers?
Who is the general manager of the Steelers?
Who is the head coach of the Steelers?
How many super bowl wins does the Steelers have?
When was the Pirates established?
Who is the Principal owner of the Pirates?
Who is the General manager of the Pirates?
What is the mascot of the Pirates?
What is the Pirates longest losing record?
Which team does the nickname the Lumber Company belong to?
Which team won the 1960 World Series?
When did the Pirates join the National League?
How many World Series championships has the Pirates won?